Let me tell you something. Yes, men are
visual, but just because they like
beautiful women doesn't mean that this
is the only thing that counts. Healthy
masculine men are not only attracted to
beauty. There is so much more behind
that. And you were wondering, but what
is it? What are those traits that men
literally can't resist? Hi guys, welcome
back to my channel. My name is Mika and
today we are going to talk about five
feminine traits that men find wildly
attractive. Let's get into this. First
of all, I want you to be aware that not
every man can give you that container
for you to be able to express those
traits that I'm going to mention. When
you feel like you can't maintain those
traits around a specific man, then this
is not a sign that there is something
wrong with you. It's a sign that the man
cannot give you the container for you to
feel safe to express those traits. Now,
the first trait I want to talk about is
confidence. Everyone loves a confident
woman because there is so much she
brings into the room. When a woman walks
into a room with confidence, she owns
the room. She owns the room without
feeling like she is something better and
she literally is like light herself. And
confidence always comes with knowing.
When you want to be confident in
something like driving the car, you need
to first of all get a driving license,
get to know how to drive the car and
then get experience in driving the car.
So if you want to be confident in
yourself, truly confident, you need to
get to know yourself. Get to know your
flaws, get to know your strengths, get
to know the situations that you feel
comfortable with, the people that you
feel comfortable with, and the people
who you don't feel comfortable with. You
have to know yourself better than anyone
or anything else in your world, in your
universe. And only then you truly can be
confident. Now the reason why men do
find confident women so attractive is
because it's very different to how they
function. Men are competitors, right?
They are competing under themselves and
they always need to prove how good they
are, how strong they are, how much
superior they are between each other and
who has more money, who has the better
car, who has the most beautiful woman.
It's all about proving and doing. While
a woman when she is truly confident, she
is not proving, not doing, she just is.
And this is what attracts people, what
draws people towards her. This is why
people want to get to know her because
she knows herself and her worth so much
without doing and proving anything. When
you are confident, you don't demand
attention. You just are and you receive
attention. So when you're confident,
this is also connected with receiving.
And men love women who want to receive.
So men get attention through proving
through force. And women, confident
women gets the attention through being.
You don't demand attention. You receive
it effortlessly. And that is exactly
what men and actually every person on
earth do find attractive. So this
confidence starts with how you bring
yourself up, how you carry yourself and
how you present yourself to the world.
And there are two specific things you
can do regularly in order to cultivate
that true confidence apart from getting
to know yourself. I'm always talking
about posture, but imagine yourself
being attached to the ceiling or to the
sky with a string on the top of your
head. And this string always keeps
pulling your head up and automatically
you will have a straighter posture. And
then roll back your shoulders. Your
chest will be slightly facing upwards.
But you don't push out your chest. You
don't need to show anything. You don't
need to prove anything. You just roll
down and relax your shoulders and keep
imagining that string connected to the
sky. That's it. The second thing is your
inner monologue, your self-t talk. You
have to keep talking to yourself like
you are your love of your life. You need
to ask yourself, do I feel comfortable
around these people, these men, these
men? Do I feel comfortable in this
surroundings in this room? Not do they
feel comfortable? How are they
perceiving me? What are they feeling
about me? It's not important what they
want or don't want or how they perceive
you. The only thing important for you is
how you are feeling in a surrounding
with people around you. And when you're
not feeling great, you leave the space.
Every time you leave the space when you
don't feel comfortable, it's you almost
leveling up your confidence. For
example, you're on a date and your date
barely asks you anything, doesn't really
show interest, doesn't try to connect
with you, seems distracted, and is
always on his phone. You don't call him
out on his behavior. You stand up and
leave the room. You stand up and leave
the date. And you are not reaching out
anymore because this is a disrespect
that you when you are confident in
yourself can not allow. You cannot allow
yourself to shrink to make yourself
smaller next to a person who is just not
willing to give you the effort, the
attention that you truly deserve. You
don't need to force the conversation.
You don't need to force the connection.
You cannot force the depth in this
conversation in this date. That's not
your task. Your task is to protect your
confidence. And when that means standing
up and leaving this state, this is what
you have to do. No begging for the bare
minimum. And yes, it is a form of
begging. If you would try to keep
initiating a conversation, if you would
try to connect with a person that
obviously doesn't want or simply can not
connect with you. Begging is also when
you're trying to explain to him why you
feel like he's not connecting with you.
When you're trying to make him convince
that you are worth his energy and his
attention. That's begging. And when you
want to be confident, you need to stop
begging. The next feminine trait is
emotional availability. We don't talk
enough about this, but yes, what women
are supposed to bring to the table is
emotional connection, softness, right?
Is the soft side of life. That truly is
part of feminine energy. But baby girl,
it cannot be one-sided. If you are the
only one trying to connect with someone,
if you are the only one doing the
emotional labor in your relationship
with a man, then this is not anymore a
trait that is coming from your feminine
energy. That's you again begging and
trying to force him to give you that
connection, to give you that emotional
availability. Because even though
emotional availability is a feminine
trait, it's also a trait of a healthy
masculine man. So you need to know how
to communicate your emotions. You need
to know how to be emotionally available,
how to feel your emotions, and also how
to let him into your emotional world.
That's emotional availability that men
crave, that men truly find attractive.
But you cannot be the only one creating
space for him, trying to be close to
him, trying to go deeper, trying to
start a conversation. He is the one who
should initiate emotional availability
and you are the one who should
beautifully create and cultivate the
space. Same as he is supposed to provide
the table, provide the home while you
are supposed to create a beautiful home.
You give life to the home. Now the next
feminine trait is beauty. Yes. Again,
yes, men are visual. Men love beauty.
Men love to look at a woman that is
beautiful. But beauty doesn't mean more
is more. I have seen so many women that
are drop deadad that gorgeous, but they
are getting rejected by healthy
masculine men because beauty is not
everything. And a healthy masculine man
loves a feminine way of beauty which is
not perfection, which is not overfilling
your face, doing all the treatments in
the world, doing all the surgeries in
the world, or being over sexual. What
men truly find attractive is the beauty
that comes from a place of self-love.
And this is not about doing your full
face makeup every day. The beauty men
find truly attractive comes from the
intention. When you take care of
yourself because you love yourself, you
love to take care of yourself. You love
to do your skinare routine because you
love your face. You love your body. You
eat healthy because you love your body.
It's like a classy way of beautiful.
Most men, for example, they don't find
Kim Kardashian beautiful. It's only us
women, actually, that find her like that
idol. But most men, especially healthy,
masculine men who are looking for a
woman they can spend their life with,
they don't like BBLs. They don't like
made bodies and made faces. They don't
like overfilled lips. They don't like
too little clothes. They don't like too
much skin. They are not attracted by
those kind of things. They are attracted
by the energy you carry within yourself.
When she is taking care of herself, she
smells good. She does have clean hair.
You're not walking around with greasy
hair all day long every day. You are
dressing well. You are doing your makeup
because you love doing your makeup. But
for example, I have a friend, she never
does makeup. She never really does a
blow dry. And every single man I have
met find her super attractive because
she loves herself. She cares for
herself. She eats well. She goes to her
Pilates classes, looks and smells clean.
So, it's not about the superficial
things if you should or shouldn't do.
It's more about what's your intention
with doing those things. Are you doing
it because you love yourself and you
love doing your hair? Or are you doing
it because you hate yourself and you
feel like you can't go outside without
doing your 3hour makeup, hair and so on.
So you are taking care of yourself
visually not with the thought of will he
like it? Will people like it? But with
the thought of do I feel comfortable in
this? Do I feel beautiful? Does this
make me feel good? And this shift
happened to me just a few years ago when
I finally got to understand it's not
about what exactly you wear, how exactly
you look. It's about the energy you
carry within yourself while wearing
whatever you are wearing. I used to
always wear super tight clothes, super
short dresses and I always thought
that's the only way I get attention. I
get men attracted to me until I switched
that and I found my elegant, classy
style. And even though I'm now in the
best shape I have ever been, I don't
want to show too much skin. I barely
wear anything short. I'm always wearing
like now a long skirt or a long dress.
And the most skin I show is on my
shoulders. maybe my day or day and
that's it. And it's also about the type
of men you're attracting because yes,
some men they are attracted by short
clothes, tight clothes, they are
attracted by
big booties. They are attracted by big
lips. But what type of men are attracted
to this type of style? Those are men who
simply want to get you in bed. They
don't take you even seriously because
they think that's the signal you send
out. If you want to be beautiful and
attractive for a healthy masculine man,
you need to dress more classy, more
elegant. And this way, you're also being
a bit mysterious, which provokes men's
fantasy. And when men's fantasy is on,
all they want is to get to know you.
Now, the next feminine trait is
lightheartedness.
This trait is so slept on. I feel like
nobody really talks about this, but it's
such an important trait because that's
what really makes you stand out from
other women. Many many women nowadays
are so stuck in their head. They are not
leading and living from their heart.
They are all about thinking about logic.
And that's what a man already is. I'm
not saying anything is wrong in that.
But if you want to attract a healthy
masculine man, he is looking for the
opposite of him. He doesn't need more
logic. He doesn't need more thinking. He
doesn't need more of this. He needs
softness. And that softness can be
brought in with light-heartedness.
That's why also sometimes naive women or
women who are simply not that
successful, not that I hate to say that
but intelligent in a way. They are
having it way more easy to find true
healthy masculine men because they are
naturally light-hearted. Everything for
them is just flowers and bubbles and
they are not really thinking always
about worst case scenario or what
happens in the future calculating. Now
what I am recommending is to kind of
play that naive girl. I'm not saying be
truly naive. I'm not saying be truly
dumb and don't have brains. No, I'm
saying just make him believe that you
are a bit naive. Make him believe that
in your head is not so much worries, not
so much logic. Even though there is
maybe, even though you might have more
knowledge than him, even though you know
how to do something better than how he
is doing it, just let him do him. And
don't be like his mom. Don't be
controlling or correcting him in his
behavior. You're just observing what
he's doing. And when things do go wrong,
you are the one who brings the lightness
in this situation. You are not
responsible to make him learn through
this situation. You are not responsible
to make him understand what he could
have done better. You are here to make
his heart lighter. He probably is
already judging himself, already making
plans and figuring things out how he can
resolve and repair what has gone wrong.
Let's say for example, you ask him to
repair the door of your closet. Now he
goes and starts to try to repair the
closet door while you are seeing him
using the wrong screwdriver or turning
in the wrong direction and you would
know exactly how it would work way
quicker and in a way better way. You
just don't say anything. You let him
work and in case it turns out he broke
the door. You are just laughing it off
and you say, "Oh, baby, thank you so
much. You tried it. Thank you so much
for putting your effort into this." And
he anyways, when he is a healthy
masculine man, he is going to move
mountains to get this door repaired
without you nagging on him, without you
telling him, "Hey, you should have done
it this way. You see again, it's broken
again." That's not what men want. Men
find it attractive when you can like
bring that lightness, that
lightheartedness,
that sweetness into the daily day even
when things go wrong. Of course, again,
you can't be light when you are around
someone who is constantly heavy, who
makes you feel anxious, who makes you
feel like you're not safe around this
person. You can't be soft and
lighthearted when he keeps trying to
repair something and then damaging
everything and never taking the chance
to fully repair it after that. But this
is also not a healthy masculine man.
Around this type of man, you will always
feel like you are walking on eggshells
and your body literally cannot feel safe
and you will never be able to truly be
lighthearted around this person. You
will just end up anxious and feeling
drained because he is not coming your
way. You are doing your work and he's
not coming your way. But you need to
remember you're not his mom. You're not
here to lift him up the floor and tell
him how to do things correctly and be
sweet and be loving and be kind and
letting him do things wrong over and
over again. You are not his mom. You are
a woman that he has to respect, that he
has to come halfway to, that he has to
make feel safe. Now the fifth feminine
traits that healthy masculine men do
find attractive, wildly attractive are
having standards and boundaries. No,
healthy masculine men do not find people
pleasing women attractive. They are
actually sometimes leaning more into the
mean girl than into the nice girl. Men
are naturally chaser. Men love to chase.
So when they are with a woman that is
everything for them, does everything for
them, all they keep thinking is, "Wow, I
must be so great that this woman is
doing all of this for me." But when you
have your standards and your boundaries
and they are clear and calmly
communicated
and he knows if he is crossing that
boundary, you know how to detach from
anyone and any situation and you will be
gone. then he will be having so much
respect of you that he wouldn't even
dare or he wouldn't even try to cross
that line even once. A truly healthy
masculine man would never ever feel
controlled or like you're asking for too
much by having your boundaries and your
standards and sticking to them. This
only makes him desire you more because
he will be inspired to step up in his
masculinity. He will be inspired to
always make sure that he's able to pay
the bill. He will be inspired to be the
best version of himself for you. And
that's where you want to be. You don't
want to be in a situation where he even
would feel comfortable to ask you to pay
half of the bill. Have you ever asked
yourself why a man is asking you to pay
the bill and not his father, his boss,
another woman, his best friend? Because
he has more respect of these people than
he has of you. So you need to make sure
to have your boundaries and standards
clear and you don't let anyone cross
them. A healthy masculine man actually
thrives in providing. They are not
scared of you being a gold digger. They
are not scared of you taking something
away from you because your presence,
your standards, and your boundaries are
making clear what you allow and what you
don't allow. And only this already will
make him fall for you, will make you be
so attractive to him that he can't
resist you. He will try and give
everything to win you over. And the men
who are not healthy masculine, yes, they
will be triggered. They will be trying
to manipulate you, to gaslight you, to
make you shrink yourself, to make you
shrink your standards and boundaries in
order for them to be able to be in your
life without them needing to step up.
But this kind of men you don't want.
With those boundaries and standards, you
don't only make sure that you are
attracting a healthy masculine man. You
are also making sure that you scare off
the ones who anyways cannot provide you
what you need. And with providing, I
don't only mean money. I mean also
emotional availability. I mean also
safety. I mean also depth and closeness.
So many men out there, they are givers,
they are providers, but they are
emotionally unavailable. And at the end
of the day, you can try as hard as you
want to connect with an emotionally
unavailable man. You will never feel
connected to this person. You will never
feel close to this person. It will
always be a relationship on the surface,
a superficial relationship as long as he
is not willing to get into the depth
himself. And that is horrible. That is
hell. You don't want to be in a
relationship with someone that cannot
provide you soul connection, that cannot
provide you the depth you have in your
heart. You as a woman simply can't.
Emotionally unavailable men, in my
opinion, should be with other
emotionally unavailable men and not with
women who naturally crave closeness,
connection, depth, and emotions. I want
you to keep in mind, you can do
everything possible you want. You can
try to be the softest version of
yourself, the most feminine version of
yourself. But if you are with a man who
cannot give you that container for you
to drive in your femininity, who doesn't
make you feel safe in your softness,
it will never be enough. And I want you
to know it's not because of you. It's
not because there is something wrong
with you. It's because you're with the
wrong person. Anyways, my dear ladies,
thank you so so much for watching. I
hope this could help. I love you so so
much and I see you in my next video.